h1. Overview:

Misty is an asynchronous and multiprocessing IRC Bot that aims to be:
* Easily extendable with user based modules called Isles.
* Powerful message distribution resembling Django's URL dispatcher aka Lighthouse.
* Quick, Friendly, and as non IRC Botty as possible.

Misty was inspired by "Phenny":http://inamidst.com/phenny/,
and "DjangoBot":https://code.djangoproject.com/wiki/DjangoBot.

h1. Coming Soon:

* Proper logging & searching via Django.
* Join multiple channels.
* More Core Isles.
* Better Lighthouse control.

h1. Requirements:

* "Twisted":http://twistedmatrix.com/
* "PostgreSQL":http://www.postgresql.org/
* "pyPgSQL":http://pypgsql.sourceforge.net/
* Misty has only been tested on OSX 10.6 and python 2.6

h1. Installation:

# Clone repo in desired directory.
# Duplicate and rename Misty/settings.py to settings_local.py
# Change Misty/settings_local.py to match your database & IRC server.
# Type @python Misty/misty_core.py@ in cmd line to start Misty.

h1. Extending:

# Make a IsleName.py in the directory you set with PATH_TO_ISLES in Misty/settings.py
# Make sure the IsleName.py has execute permission.
# Make sure IsleName.py has @#!/usr/bin/env python@
# Edit Misty/lighthouse.py to include your new Isle.
# If Misty is running, reload the list of Isles with @{nickname}:reload@ in IRC

h1. License

Copyright (C) 2011 Michael Ranieri <michael.d.ranieri at gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.